First of all, before creating any python script we should insert shabang line:
#!/usr/bin/env python3

Than, we have to comment with name of the script, purpose of it and name of person that has written this.

After that, we have to import python modules that is going to be used to manipulate different parts of the Python code:
import sys
import os


Than, we proceed to the main program:

1. We have to mention __name__ variable to be set as __main__, so the  module can be running in the main program 
or code can be running with imported module( __name__ variable will be set to that module`s name)

2. We set up if function to check for the number of the arguments(len(sys.argv)). 
If the number of arguments is not equal 2, than we return usage function to explain what to input and exit the program.

3. In step 2, we create a list with name of each month and set with number of each month(as keys) and the amount of days(as values). 
Also, we get user input with sys.argv function.

4. In step 3, we create a variable allow_chars that set the date format to straight digits without other symbols and spaces.
After that, we create another variable dob that use sanitize function to make the user input the same format as allow_chars variable. 
We print the output: 'Sanitized user data:', dob

5. In step 4, we check for the size of the input. We create a variable result that use fucntion size_check to check for dob size. 
If the size of the dob is not 8 digits, it returns Error 09: wrong data entered and exits. 

6. In step 5, we create 3 variables: year, month and day. Year represent 4 first digits of the value of dob, month represent 5th or 5th and 6th digits of the value and day represents the last 2 digits of the value. 
 
7. In step 6, we check the result variable for proper values. If the first 4 digits are lower than 1900, we run into the error and print out Error 10: year out of range, must be 1900 or later.
Also, we have to check whether the year is leap or not. If it is, we change the value of the second item in the list to 29. 
Same check with proceed with the month. If result is not is range between 1-12, it returns an Error 02: Wrong month entered and exits
The last check in this step is to check how many days are in the month. If the number is not between 1 and days_in_month[month] value, it prints and error ErrorL 03: wrong day entered and exits. 

8. In step 7, we create a new_dob variable to store integer values of month name with the value of month -1,  so, for example, the list item 5 will be 6th month. Than, we add the integer value of day and year. 

9. In step 8, we print out 'Your date of birth is:', new_dob . The main part ends. 


10. Prior to creating the main program, we have to specify each functions that is going to be used:

def leap_year(obj) - is the function to check whether the year that is entered is leap or no.

If the integer value can be divisible by 4, the year is considered leap. If it is not divisible by 4, than it is not. 


def sanitize(obj1,obj2) - is the function to make the input clear and remove all of the non-digits characters. 

It has to accept YYYYMMDD, YYYY/MM/DD, YYYY-MM-DD or YYYY.MM.DD and remove "'/', '-', '.'" .

 
def size_check(obj, intobj) is the function to check the number of digits returned.

It has to check variable and number of its digts. 


def range_check(obj1, obj2) is the function to check the number of digits returned.

It has to check for the variable returned and range specified. 


def usage() is the function the function to explain how many arguments should be entered. 


That is the end of the Python script. 









